In the early 30s,
you couldn't find anybody in Texas except a
Democrat. My grandfather, boy, he'd read the
paper every day and anything that was counted as a
Democratic party. Of course, you couldn't get
elected in the South, but particularly Texas. And
so they may have been Republican philosophy
somewhere, but... But as you just mentioned, very
few people knew anything about Republicans. You
had to go back to Hoover. And everybody said he was
responsible for depression, which, of course, he
wasn't. But he happened to be the guy that gets
blamed for it.
So no, to answer your question, I guess a political
philosophy never did enter my mind. as I was
growing up.
And I don't know anybody that I associated with
very strongly because nobody ever talked about
anything except Democrats. Now, over the years,
would you consider yourself a conservative,
moderate, or a liberal? And what parties did you
support over the years?
I'm ashamed to say this, but until I retired, I
never did vote. And the reason why it makes it very
difficult for the military, because you're gone,
you've got to send in an absentee vote. And up until
a few years ago, you had to pay your poll tax. And I
wanted to go pay poll tax and back to the, which I was
against poll tax. We know what the poll tax was for.
It keeps the blacks away. And poor white kind of
eliminated a whole element of society.
But to answer your question, I think I've always
been more on the conservative side
in political philosophy.
Of course, if I had voted back in those days, I would
have voted for Roosevelt, no question in my mind.
What about more recent America?
I guess I tend to be more conservative. I vote
Republican now. I voted in every election since I
retired, local and then I'm active now in the
community. And are you a member of the Republican
Party? Yeah. But back in those days in the
military, once again, there are two reasons for
that. That's pretty typical. A lot of officers
didn't vote. Well, one reason is that nobody has
ever appealed to the military to... We've never
been involved with politics. And I'm horrified
when somebody tries to tie us to politics. For
example, they wanted to fire the chairman of the
Joint Chiefs, see, because he supported a program
of Carter. Well, that would be a hell of a note if we
ever got to a point that every time you change
presidents, you purge your military and get rid of
all the leaders and bring in somebody else, you'll
end up being like a banana republic. And that was a
very dangerous thing. But fortunately, Reagan,
an advisor, said, absolutely not. He will
continue and fulfill his term. And he's not going
to be replaced because he went along with
reluctantly. And he's an Air Force officer.
Reluctantly was the B-1.
You can't have military to lead a revolt against
their, I don't mean a physical revolt, media
revolt against the president if you disagree with
the decision he's made. All you got to do is resign
if that's the way you feel. And most of them, and I
subscribe to this, they can do more good for all of
the principles that they stand for to stay rather
than to run. That would be a difficult situation
too if every time the president made a decision
that the leaders and the military disliked, they
would all resign.
Because a professional soldier to me is the
nation. Just like West Point, duty, honor, and
country. And it's not political persuasion. And
so from that standpoint, I don't think the
military should get involved in politics. Now
voting, of course, is a different thing. But even
then, I don't think we should get out a letter to
each other and say, now let's all get together. and
vote Republican or Democrat or something like
that. And you work with your troops, you know, you
tell them. Yeah, absolutely. So the military
ought to stay completely away from politics, even
if it means that you're not taking advantage of
your vote. The other thing is, I don't think that
somebody stationed in Germany, which I spent some
time there in other parts of the world, should have
an influence on a local election. They're not
there. They don't know the people. So they'd have
to vote either. Somebody said, hey, would you
please submit your application and vote for
so-and-so? And they don't even know the issues.
That's right. You don't even know the person. It'd
be better if you just stayed out and let the people
who are not. We have a situation here in Austin
that's kind of, well, we who live here, it's kind of
touchy. The university students, they vote on a
local issue. And some of them, for example, now
it's coming up here in the fall, the nuclear plant
down in Bayport. Now you have these young people
that come in from all over the state, and they vote
here in a local election. They graduate, and
they're gone, or maybe not even. They've elected
members of the council, for example, Most of them
are liberal, idealistic, as they should be. So
they vote for the liberals. So as a result, the more
conservative are defeated. Well, it's good for
the liberals to be on there, but I don't think it's
good for the conservatives. Of course, it isn't
the university students' fault. This is the other
side of the coin. If the eligible voters would get
out and vote, That wouldn't be such an influence.
But they don't do that. So anyway, going back to the
military, it's the same. We should not be
political at all. Now, when you were in the Corps,
tell me about your unit. Well, at that time, we had a
regiment that was
a
regiment of those students who did not live in the
dormitory day students complete with company
commander who was a day student my company
commander was rucker you know him he's the he's
still active around there he was head of
the What is it, the guy who does all this
landscaping and that sort of thing?
Environmental, urban and environmental
planning.
Yeah. Oh, he's in a magazine here just the other
day. Rucker, he's
a company commander. Heart of Culture, I guess he
is. Oh, okay. Yeah. He was a professor there for a
year. He just recently retired, and now he's He
still got a job doing something around there.
My roommate was a company commander, a wrecker,
Bill Rector. He lives in Kern now. But I wasn't out
as second lieutenant the senior year.
So we farmed and drilled it. Everything except we
didn't live in the area. Drilled right along with
them on burial day. And this was C Company, I
forget. I guess I can look it up in the yearbook. How
many were in the company?
As I recall, about 150. There
were four or five companies in the battalion, and
there were three battalions. Did you plan the ban?
Not any of them. I worked my tail off. Oh, you didn't
have time to plan the ban? I'm not sure I could play
well enough snare drum. I don't know. I never did
try out because it was impossible because I
couldn't. Because I worked before. Classes,
after classes, and on weekends. What kind of
student were you? About an average. Tell me about
hazing. Well, we even got hazed even though he was a
day student. Sure. And even though I was a
sophomore, I still wore the white strike, which we
wore then as a freshman. See, I was a freshman at
A&M, even though I was classified as a sophomore
academically. Oh, yeah. Got those great big
things wrapped with tape, heavy, and heat to pick
them up. It'd particularly get you if you went up in
a hall, see? And you shouldn't be up there. Some of
those stuff would probably get you if you And even
down there on the dairy farm, the seniors and the
upperclassmen,
nobody ever got hurt, which you'd be sure would get
bruised. What was the purpose of hazing, do you
think?
Well, of course, stupidity. Sadistic.
Child. childlike behavior.
A custom, see, and then they have to maintain the
custom. And finally, the freshman comes up to
class and he says, this is the way I was treated. Do
you think there's any beneficial aspect to
hazing?
There is, but I don't think it's justified by the
result.
See, they have hazing at West Point. I spent four
years there as an instructor, not as a student.
It's not called hazing. They call it custom there.
Of course, they don't beat them. You can't touch
another cadet at West Point. But sometimes it
would be much better if you did touch them because
one of the things they do there is holding up the
wall, for example, where you squat and you stay
there and finally you just collapse. It would be
better, like they did at A&M, is to have you bend
over and take a few licks and go on to something
else. Of course, there's other kind of hate in A&M.
But speaking of A&M, I read an article in Texas
Monthly, I guess it was, about A&M, and they said
this is a custom that had been going on for years. I
didn't recognize any of those things when we were
there, yet they say that's a long-standing custom
of all these people. I thought that was a pathetic
article. This is the one about two or three months
ago? Yeah. It's
supposed to have been written by a nagging. But
anyway, the beneficial part of hazing only is
this, that if you have an environment, a
controlled environment, and it's difficult, and
those who are tested and pass the test, major up to
the test, one would conclude that they are better
men having experienced this and now. But the bad
part, the negative part of that, how many really
outstanding people who just say, To hell with
that. I'm not going to put up with this. Life's too
short. That might have been the best student that
you're going to have here. So you think that Hazen
might have kept some good students away? Well,
probably so. But me, I was proud of it, see, once
again. As I go through this, you'll probably say,
well, you were quite naive, perhaps I was. But to
me, I didn't mind it. And I could do anything
anybody else could do, and nobody was going to beat
me down or break my will of spirit. Even used to that
baseball games would make you eat tobacco, not
chew it, you know, but put it in there and drink,
take some water. Of course, that makes you deathly
ill and can kill you, of course. Very serious, the
same as others. like paternities do with all this
drinking where an individual actually can't even
drink a fifth of liquor or something like that. The
system can't tolerate that. So hazing, there may
be some aspects, like at the military academy,
that's controlled.
But the thing about it, your upperclassmen, their
kids also. Seniors doesn't mean that they're just
so mature they're going to be sure. And you get some
sadistic people. the kind that would kick and
torment an animal, you know, kill things. Well,
you let that kind of guy under the... You give him
power. Yeah, you get him, and you go to really have
something. And that's the reason why hazing,
there's no place for hazing anywhere, at A&M or at
the military academy. Mental and physical
hazing. That's right. Now, at the military
academy, it's really tough, the way they handle
their pleas. But it's more of an endurance than it
is a physical abuse. Let's say you can't touch
another cadet. Do you think it's tougher? Do you
think that the mental hazing there was tougher at
West Point than it is at A&M, the physical hazing? I
mean, which one is tougher to survive?
Well, probably the military academy. The only
thing I can compare to the military camp is that I
was never a cadet. But I was in the tactical
department. I worked with the cadets every day and
every night.
But that environment is so different. See, lights
go out at a certain time. And if you're found in the
train studying, you're
given demerits for it. If you get so many demerits,
you've got to go out and walk them off So there is a
very rigid control environment. I'd even go this
far to say it's probably the closest to a perfect
environment. I'm not talking about hating,
hating outside, but you will find. What do you mean
perfect? Well, there's no lying, cheating, or
stealing.
And you don't tolerate anybody that does.
You're forced to go to chapel whether you want to.
Everything is controlled. You're fed a rounded
meal, although in hazing, they don't let their
police eat square meals. But morally, everything
about it is. And it misleads some cadets,
particularly if they come there when they're
naive. From a sheltered home, they go through
that. They get the rudest wagon you've ever seen
whenever they get out in the real world and find out
that the people you were dealing with were lie,
cheat, and steal.
It's a shock to them. That's what I mean. For four
years there, without a controlled environment.
And I thoroughly enjoyed that. It's an
inspiration. Now let's get back to the Corps. What
were the things that you liked about the Corps?
Well, of course, every ag is a spirit. Yeah. You
don't have to be there very long at all. You know
that you've got a lot of friends and through life.
Even though you don't know them. I go around now, I
might be taking my car to the garage to have it
serviced. And I had an old time the other day that
said, I see you've got an ag in what class, you know.
And you go up. Felix Daly, who has a dealership here
in tires and other things. He's a . So I go there to
buy tires. I never knew him before, but I knew he
was. And not only does he give you a good deal, but
the service is great. And so it's not. This,
of course, is a little bit monetary benefit But
it's just the spirit. And it goes on and on. It's
football games. Of course, this is about the old
stadium or the earlier stadium. If you go there,
you can just feel it. So I'd say the spirit
in the academic program
Were there any things about the Corps that you
disliked?
No. I didn't particularly dislike the hazing,
although I'm against hazing.
What way do you think that the Corps helped you in
your career?
a great deal for the training. Because I really
thought a lot of our tactical losses we had there,
the camp we had, the bullets, and the parades, and
the bands. At that time, it was the nearest thing to
West Point. And they prided themselves. And most
of our tactical officers were West Point
graduates.
Many of them died in World War II in the
Philippines. They also just happened to rotate.
They left there just about time to go to the
Philippines and get killed or captured. So the
training was very helpful in your career.
Anything else? If you're... See, I'm... I'm
perceiving it, or really experiencing it, as an
individual who had an objective to become a
professional officer. So I would get more out of
the Corps than an individual who says, well, I
enjoy all of this. In fact, right around the corner
up here is Dennis Aggie. And boy, he was a high
ranking. was a lieutenant colonel. He commanded a
battalion. But he loved all of this, yet his
profession, and what he always wanted to be, was a
dentist. So maybe it's more than just because I was
interested in that type of thing, because, and he
goes back, he even went to, we played Michigan.
They went up there to Michigan for that game. Of
course, he wished he'd stayed at home when they got
40 to, two on it or something, or three, something
like that. And so I, besides the spirit and the
academic, and
of course I didn't miss the lack of recreation
because I was working on it. Sure, absolutely. In
those days, of course, they were out in the
boondocks, you know. Do you think there was
anything about being in the Corps that might not
have helped you, that might have hindered your
career or your advancement?
Do you think that the Corps had any impact on you
becoming a general officer, becoming a leader?
Oh, I'm sure it did. What was it? It was a training.
Because, see, ROTC is training leaders. Training
young men to be leaders. And so everything you do in
a Corps of Cadets, besides the instructions you
get, It's toward that end. That's where you have
cadet officers, student officers, and right on
from a corporal sergeant. So you give them that
leadership training. Yeah, small. We do the same
thing, officer academy school, same thing to
military academy. Now, were there professional
soldiers at A&M that had a particular impact on you
or an influence? You said the training was tops.
And who were those West Point men that had that?
Well, one of them was Moses, Captain Moses. Yeah,
I've heard of him. Fair enough. How did he
influence you? Well, once again,
he sort of epitomized the spittin' pollies.
They were wrecked and everything he did. military
bearing, you know. And you just say that he looks
and acts like what I would consider to be a military
officer. And too, in those days, you know, they
didn't have any colonels, no generals, you know.
In fact, when I later on, when we get to it, when I
went to Fort San Houston, I had to graduate.
At that time, the entire army was only 130,000. We
have more officers now than then. He was a
peacemaker. And so being a captain, we did have a
major, major then, I've forgotten his name. One,
though, was Moore, who was a later general officer
who was captured in the Philippines. Moore?
Moore,
yes. I think he was a graduate also of A&M.
But the one that I really enjoyed, I wouldn't
select him as a role model, but... He was named Orr,
O-R-R. He was an East Texas guy. He got his
commission in World War I, so he wasn't a west
corner. He gave us a lot of enjoyment, just the way
he talked and the way he acted, although he was very
military and a very good solid individual. He
wasn't a comic or anything like that.
But I guess all those would be Moore. Moses
particularly, I would say, because he was younger
and worked more closely with us. Moore, I think,
was .
But he wasn't a commandant. Because we had a
civilian commandant, a very big, fat guy that used
to be able to suck in his gut and his pants would drop
off. He had great thinking. Then Moore later on
became a commandant. That's right. And I forget
that, now that was a comic when he used to drop his
pants and have Yale practice. Did all the other
things. So he'd get up there and suck in his gut,
down his pants.
Now, if we compared Second Lieutenant's products
from A&M and West Point and other ROTC schools,
what would you say about the quality of those brand
new second lieutenants? You mean today? No, back
then. Back then? Yeah. Back in the 30s.
Well, of course, it's difficult to compare them
with West Point
because of the amount of military training, I'm
talking about then, that they have as compared to
the amount of,
because they have military training not only
during the year like we have at A&M, you know, with
three classes a week or two classes a week, but each
summer they're involved in living a military
life, see the camp and so forth. So when they
graduate, then when they graduate, they have a
considerably more experienced.
Well, that would have put A&M superior to the other
ROTC programs, except when you consider the
Citadel, VMI, and API. No, the school up in
Massachusetts.
But BMI and the Citadel, they are very similar to
West Point in that they devote much more time. But
A&M in those days would,
I'd say, be right up there. Of course, I'm biased.
I'd put A&M next to the military academy. But those
other schools are very fine. From a military
standpoint. But in general, from military
training, you put West Point on number one tops.
Yeah.
Because they're limited 24 hours a day. Yeah. OK.
See, every class. Of course, it's impossible now.
You're not comparing. You can't compare the Corps
cadets.
At A&M now, of course, I don't know how they operate
now with West Point. Because I say, there is 24
hours a day.
Even their academic
is military controlled discipline type thing,
even though they have professors, of course, that
are highly qualified. And they have permanent
professors, which means that they no longer, they
won't actually do anything like that. Most of
them, of course, have PhDs in their particular
specialty.
But now it's different. In many cases, a graduate
of ROTC now can run out of school now. We're talking
about right after graduation.
Because of the school system that you graduate
from A&M, Then you go to, well, first you go to,
their summer camp now is much different than the
summer camp we had. It was more intense.
So they got training very similar. Now I'm going to
appear to contradict myself. People think of West
Point as being just a military. But they spend so
much of their time on academics, when you add it all
up together now, there isn't a great deal of
difference. Both of them intend to get their
education after they graduate. In other words,
you have basic training as a lieutenant, and
you're qualified then. But you really got to
specialize. It didn't fare. And I know that, but we
did at West Point. These kids graduated, and we
sent them to Korea while I was up there. And I went to
Korea and interviewed all of these youngsters.
And it wasn't fair to put them out and throw them
right into combat, because they had intended for
them to go to school, to Benning, to engineer
school, wherever it is, and really develop the
skill and the knowledge that you'd expect of a
second lieutenant. And they had a heavy caliber.
It wasn't because of lack of knowledge that they
had caliber, indirectly it was. It's because they
were going to prove that they were graduating
military academy as second lieutenant. And so
they were out leading when they shouldn't be out
there. Yeah, right. They were sacrificed. They
had heavy cases.
Let's talk about your academic career at A&M. You
were in dairy husbandry. Did you like the
curriculum? Did you enjoy the courses?
I had no idea. When I graduated from high school
that I'd be involved in things like that. But,
yeah, I enjoyed it. And see, in dairy husbandry,
you've got production and manufacturing. And I
was in the manufacturing part. And so I was doing
what, you know, in the creamer there. Sure. That
was helping you. And of course, you know, your
basic course, you take chemistry and biology and
English and history, you know, a whole range of
things. So it didn't just down to the old dairy
farm. Sure. Were there professors there that had a
particular influence on you? Right. Jefferson
did. He took the time, he interviewed, talked to
us. In fact, he wanted to keep up with each student,
so he had a plan where he called Jen every once in a
while. They'd just say, well, how you doing? Are
you enjoying your work?
And he'd come in business there in Greenwood.
Brilliant individual. He's from the Middle West,
I think. Minnesota, I think, is where he came from.
When you finished your education, did you ever
give any thought to going into dairy husbandry, or
did you want to go right into the military? Well, if
I hadn't gone to the military, yeah. So that was
your second choice then? Yeah. In fact, I even
thought at one time that I might probably become a
veterinarian. because I hadn't taken the
courses. Of course, I had to go take quite a few
more, but it wouldn't have been much difficult
before that.
In fact, I had planned, if I had not gotten my
regular commission in World War II, I probably
would have gone back to A&M to become a
veterinarian. I would like very much to stay in
Terry Hudson, particularly the manufacturing
part of it. And I offered a job after I graduated in
San Antonio. In fact, I went for an interview.
But then I had applied for Thomason Act. I don't
know if you ever heard of Thomason Act. Sure have.
The Army was understaffed of officers. And West
Point wasn't producing sufficient. So they had a
shortage of officers, acute shortage. So this
representative named Thomason had a bill passed
that would call into service 1,000 officers,
ROTC graduates, for one year
competitive tour of duty, which out of that 50
would be selected for a regular commission. So
just when I was being interviewed, my name was
approved to attend
or to go for a year's active duty. Of course, that's
what I wanted. So I went to Fort Sam Houston in the
second division.
And how long did you stay at Fort Sam? One year. And
tell me about the training. This is 1938. Tell me
about the training.
Well, I would consider now on-the-job training. I
had a company commander named Dansby, and so he
took me under his wing to teach me about
really how to be a company commander, being a
company officer. And I was the only other officer
they had. Unfortunately, I had Sergeant Bieber,
a German immigrant that had been in the army. He got
into the army when he was real young, in the US Army.
And he got interested in me. So he taught me. Now we
send them to service school to go through all of
this. This was only job training. And that's what
the purpose of the year. And then later on, we had
organized formal school training. So obviously,
I became the mess officer, the supply officer, the
training officer, administrative officer,
and any other odd job. Like we had the inventory of
the and the commissary. So that only happened once
a month. We also had to perform as officers of the
day.
And the other was officer of the guard, officer of
the guard. He went down to the stockade, you know,
and inspected the prisoners out working. So it was
a full-time job. Now, each of the sergeants
teaches, the supply sergeant would teach you all
about supply and the book and so forth. Same thing
with the mess officer.
One anecdote that I think is, that I would know
better today, of course, but being young and want
to impress my company commander. And knowing your
first day of duty, the importance to make a
faithful impression. So I had my boots all shined,
spurs, and I was ready. So I went walking in the C
Company, 9th Infantry. The medical people are
taking all that over now. And so I walked in fresh
out of A&M as a second lieutenant. And when I walked
in, I would have yelled, . Boy, I came to attention.
Used to responding. And then when I discovered
that he was calling attention for me, the second
lieutenant walked in. And he was the orderly. Orly
was outside the company commandant's door. So
then when I felt that's what had happened and
realized it, I started to step off. And my spurs,
they will hang together. They hook together. I
tried getting those unhooked. Of course, I was
embarrassed. And you could see that Orly, looking
at the tension, but he's kind of smirk on his face
like, oh, it's this lieutenant. So I walked in, and
Captain Danley saluted Lieutenant Andrews and
reported the duty. He said, oh, I'm glad to see you.
I'm looking forward to it. I've got all this work
I've got to get done. And by the way, he says, we're
getting ready to have a parade. And I want you to
take the company, because I'm busy here. I said,
yes, sir. He said, well, you better move on out,
because they're getting ready. And so Sergeant
Beaver came up to me, and he said, I said,
Lieutenant, do you know anything about mass
formation? No, never heard of it. He said, well,
this is a test division for the new triangular
organization, and we're drilling today on mass
formation. That's where the parade was. I said,
no, I know all about right by squad, squad to right,
and you know all of that stuff, which we'd been
doing at A&M and everywhere else in the Army except
for St. Lucie. He said, well, I'll tell you what
I'll do, Lieutenant. Instead of, you know, when
you follow them, you just post and the sergeant
goes around the back. He said, I'll stay right
behind you. And he said, I'll give you every
command that you need to do. And I said, okay.
Knowing what I know now, rather than, you know,
gosh, you could have a, tragedy out there, you
know, here you've got people lined up. It's an
entire division parade, you know, and I'm taking
up the company, supposed to be the final of the
battalion. But I didn't. I said, yeah, okay,
Sergeant, thank you very much. So we went out and he
said, come to Mass Right. Well, I said, come to Mass
Right. You know, they all reacted. And he carried
me around and gave me, of course, all I had to do was
know, I knew all about grieving, you know, what to
do and all that stuff. And we carried it all the way
around. passed the review and came on back to the
company and dismissed him. And the old sergeant
said, Lieutenant, you did real well. And
I said, thank you, boy, I'm really indebted to you.
And the old Danvy committed me. He said, Sergeant
Beaver tells me you did a good job. That was great.
And I never did tell him that I didn't know anything
about that. I don't know. He may not realize, I
don't know, but I'd never send a lieutenant out
like that. Boy, you can really mess up here and
embarrass me.
You want to go eat now? Sure,
I can go eat. OK, we were talking about life at Fort
Sam Houston. Yeah.
After your year was over there, of course, it was
questionable if you were going to give a regular,
if you would receive a regular Army commission. Is
that not right? And tell me how that transpired,
how you received it. Well, as I said, the second
part of the year, I had to get on the job training,
which the sergeants taught us a lot, which you have
to rely very heavily, all through the military on
the sergeants. Then we had organized classes
where we went to school and stayed. Those were just
map reading, something such as that, weapon
training. And then at the end, we were given a test.
And at Fort Sam Houston, we had about 20 competing.
And only one got a regular commission, which I
wasn't that one. But he was an Aggie, and it was a
name comes to mind is Cersei Bracewell, but I don't
think that was the one. He was an artilleryman, I
remember.
So then after the year was over, of course, we had to
wait to see whether or not And that didn't receive
work. We found out later on it only once. So I had a
month's leave. So I hitchhiked by air. People
laugh when I say that, because how do you hitchhike
by air? But went out to the military field to go to
operations and ask for their plane going to the
west coast. Finally, I got a ride out to the West
Coast. San Francisco, went to the San Francisco
World's Fair, which was one of the great
attractions. Sally ran in the news range. And then
hitchhiked, went out to one of the local fields,
and hitchhiked back to Dallas. And this would be a
great historical occurrence. It was a nonstop
flight in a bomber from California to Dallas. It
was overnight. We left about dark and got to Dallas
early in the morning.
It was a predecessor to the B-17 . Of course, it was a
smaller plane, the B-17. Then I hitchhiked from
Dallas, from Hensley Field to New York, and went to
the New York World's Fair. This is 1939. Yeah, the
big attraction there was Billy Rose and Aqua, I
guess it was, with Esther Williams. Martin Downey
was the singer. And then returned back to Texas.
And went to work for Nettie Cade, the Ford place in
Caldwell. But knowing that the way things were
going, it looked like there'd be war pretty soon.
But in the meantime, back to the 143rd Infantry,
the Texas National Guard again, they were
recruiting lieutenants. So I was contacted. and
asked if I wanted to be a second lieutenant in the
National Guard. And I said yes, so I transferred in
the National Guard, second lieutenant. And soon
thereafter, the National Guard was mobilized.
And I think... In 1940. Yeah, in October 1940, May
1st, November 1940. And that was the beginning
of... Continuous active duty until retirement.
And what happened to your status, your
commission? Were you then commissioned as a
reserve officer or as an active officer? You mean
during World War II? Yeah. See, you were with the
National Guard, which is usually a reserve army
officer. Yeah. When did you get a regular
commission? I was a reserve officer, a National
Guard officer, which you say is the same, through
World War II. And then they had the integration
program.
I was interested in that, of course. And I was
stationed at Fort Benning. Infantry School as an
instructor after World War II. And they started
sending out telegrams, you know, to the people.
And I didn't think I'd made it because I was one of
the last ones to get it, even though my name started
with A. Apparently they broke up the whole roster
and those that sent that part of it, it was
dispatched later than the others.
And that was...